
    
                    
            
            
                Jane Goodall
                Founder
                The Jane Goodall Institute
            
    
    

    
    
            
                About Jane
                
                Dr. Jane Goodall, DBE began her landmark study into the lives of wild chimpanzees at Gombe in Tanzania on 14th July 1960 and that research continues today.  The Jane Goodall Institute was established in 1977 and has established offices in 24 offices countries. 
JGI programmes include the ongoing research at Gombe; TACARE – our community centred conservation programme now active in 6 African countries ; two sanctuaries for orphan chimpanzees in South Africa and the Republic of Congo and Roots & Shoots. 
1991 Dr. Goodall founded Roots & Shoots with 12 high school students in Tanzania.  Today, Roots & Shoots is active in more than 65 countries and empowers  young people of all ages to become involved in hands-on projects of their choice for the community, animals and the environment we all share.  In the past 30 years Roots & Shoots has involved thousands of young people in more than 100 countries who are now taking those values into their adult world. 
Dr. Goodall is author of many books for adults and children, features in countless films and videos and is a United Nations Messenger of Peace. Recipient of many awards and honorary degrees, Dr. Goodall continues to share her messages of hope and to inspire new generations to take positive actions for our world and all its inhabitants. 

            
                    
                        
                            
                                                    

                
                    
                                    
            
    
                 
    
                
                    
                        Contact Us
                    
                    
                        Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
                    
                    
                        
                        Site by Contra Agency
                    
                
                