
            The CogX Global Leadership Summit and Festival of AI & Breakthrough Technology
            The biggest, most inclusive & forward thinking gathering of leaders, CEOs, entrepreneurs, policy makers, artists, academics and activists of its kind - addressing the question "How do we get the next 10 years right?"
            Monday 8th - Wednesday 10th June 2020 
                            
                                            NEWS: Introducing Virtual CogX
                                                                10,000 Passes for Public Health Workers
                                    
                                        
                                            30,000 Participants
                                            600 Speakers
                                            4,500 Global Leaders
                                            18 Topics
                                            100 Side Events
                                    
                        
        
                
                    COVID-19 Update: CogX goes Virtual for June 8th to 10th
Dear Friends and Colleagues, 
We hope that you and your loved ones are well and staying safe in these uncertain times. I am writing to update you with our thoughts and plans for this year’s CogX. 
While a number of events have been moved to September, which we understand and support, we believe this makes it even more important than ever that we all convene for CogX in June to address these hugely important, and in some cases urgent, topics.
Read more 
                
            
        
            
                
                Introducing
Virtual CogX
Covering all 18 tracks of content, virtual meet-the-speaker breakout sessions, the vExpo and startup village, invite-only side events, roundtables, affiliate partner workshops and speed networking for each vertical, Virtual CogX aims to set the standard.
Read more
            
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
    
        
            2020 Speakers Announcement

            
            

            
                
                    Apply to Speak                

            
            

            
        
    
        
                                    
                    
                    
                        John F. Kerry
                        68th US Secretary of State 
                        
                    
                    View {article-title}
                
                                        
                    
                    
                        Jane Goodall
                        Founder
                        The Jane Goodall Institute
                    
                    View {article-title}
                
                                        
                    
                    
                        Tony Fadell
                        Pod inventor, iPhone co-inventor, Nest founder, Future Shape principal
                        
                    
                    View {article-title}
                
                                        
                    
                    
                        Samantha Power
                        Former US Ambassador to the UN
                        
                    
                    View {article-title}
                
                                        
                    
                    
                        Stephen Fitzpatrick
                        CEO & Founder
                        OVO Energy
                    
                    View {article-title}
                
                                        
                    
                    
                        Jo Bamford
                        Chairman
                        Wrightbus
                    
                    View {article-title}
                
                                        
                    
                    
                        Joanna Haigh
                        Co-director The Grantham Institute on Climate Change and the Environment
                        Imperial College London
                    
                    View {article-title}
                
                                        
                    
                    
                        Divya Chander
                        Faculty Chair Neuroscience
                        Singularity University
                    
                    View {article-title}
                
                                        
                    
                    
                        Dr. Charmaine Griffiths
                        CEO
                        British Health Foundation
                    
                    View {article-title}
                
                                        
                    
                    
                        Tessa Clarke
                        CEO & Founder
                        OLIO
                    
                    View {article-title}
                
                        
        


        Topic details
        
            
                            
                    1. Leadership



                
                    2. The Cutting Edge



                
                    3. Lab to Live – Case Studies



                
                    4. Ethics & Society



                
                    5. Economy & Future of Work



                
                    6. The HR and Ed Tech Revolution



                
                    7. The Planet and Smart-Cities



                
                    8. Space



                
                    9. Start-up to Scale-Up to IPO and Beyond



                
                    10. Createch



                
                    11. Health, Wellbeing & COVID-19



                
                    12. Research – The Long View



                
                    13. Web 3.0 & Decentralisation



                
                    14. Cyber & Defence



                
                    15. Gen Z



                
                    16. FinTech & Future of FS



                
                    17. Next Gen Infrastructure & Cloud



                
                    18. Industry 4.0 & Sustainable Supply Chains



                                        




            

                                  
                
                    
                        
                        Focusing on the biggest questions of our time, leaders set our direction of travel
                        View Leadership
                    

                          
                
                    
                        
                        The tech that's coming in the next 12 to 18 months
                        View The Cutting Edge
                    

                          
                
                    
                        
                        Real world lessons and best practice examples 
                        View Lab to Live – Case Studies
                    

                          
                
                    
                        
                        Building tech that works for everyone
                        View Ethics & Society
                    

                          
                
                    
                        
                        Macro level views on the way our world functions
                        View Economy & Future of Work
                    

                          
                
                    
                        
                        Powerful tools for learning and managing people
                        View The HR and Ed Tech Revolution
                    

                          
                
                    
                        
                        Interconnected earth and cities
                        View The Planet and Smart-Cities
                    

                          
                
                    
                        
                        The final frontier
                        View Space
                    

                          
                
                    
                        
                        Innovation at every stage of business
                        View Start-up to Scale-Up to IPO and Beyond
                    

                          
                
                    
                        
                        Culture, Creativity and Technology
                        View Createch
                    

                          
                
                    
                        
                        A 360 view on health under COVID-19
                        View Health, Wellbeing & COVID-19
                    

                          
                
                    
                        
                        Curated by the Alan Turing Institute and Springer Nature
                        View Research – The Long View
                    

                          
                
                    
                        
                        Addressing global challenges with distributed technology
                        View Web 3.0 & Decentralisation
                    

                          
                
                    
                        
                        Security in all its forms
                        View Cyber & Defence
                    

                          
                
                    
                        
                        Delivered by Gen Z - for everyone from 4-24 year olds
                        View Gen Z
                    

                          
                
                    
                        
                        Key trends in finance are rapidly reshaping the competitive landscape
                        View FinTech & Future of FS
                    

                          
                
                    
                        
                        Bridging the digital and physical worlds
                        View Next Gen Infrastructure & Cloud
                    

                          
                
                    
                        
                        Building resilient and sustainable systems
                        View Industry 4.0 & Sustainable Supply Chains
                    

                                
            


        


    
        
            
            
            
                
                    
                
                
                    "CogX is a marvellous feast of everything AI. It hums like few other conferences in the world."
                    
                        Stuart Russell, 
                        Professor of Computer Science, UC Berkeley
                    
                
            

            
        
            
        
        


                    Become a partner
            
                
                                                    
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                            
            
        



                            
                
                    See our partners                
            
        
    
                The Global Leadership Summit
                The first event to connect global leadership with technology expertise and the public at this scale, who must engage in the discussion if we are to get the next 10 years right. 

                                    
                        
                            Find out more about the GLS                        

                    
                        
                            Buy GLS Pass                        

                                    
            
                Annual Gala Dinner
                We planned for our annual gala dinner to be held on the 8th June at the History Museum in association with Artic Basecamp. However, following the current government guidelines on COVID-19, the gala will be moving to a later date this year. 

                                    
                        
                            Join the Gala Dinner                        

                                    
            
                Virtual Interactive Expo
                Expand your audience with off-site attendees. Explore the vExpo, Pavilions and famous Startup Village, and engage with other innovative companies.
and start-ups


                                    
                        
                            Get Involved                        

                                    
            
                
                    
                                                    CogX 2019 Highlights
                                                                            Thank you for making CogX19 amazing.
                                            
                
                                    
                                                                            
                                
                                    
                                
                            
                                                    
                                
                                    
                                
                            
                                                    
                                
                                    
                                
                            
                                            
                            
                
                    
                        Contact Us
                    
                    
                        Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
                    
                    
                        
                        Site by Contra Agency
                    
                
                