
                                		
			
				
							
						
				
				
			
					
				
				
					From AI to Global Leadership, from Financial Services to Climate Change and from GenZ to Covid-19, CogX Awards celebrates and recognises the most outstanding contributions of the last 12 months. This year we are back for our 4th CogX Awards where we will look at the most exciting celebration of innovation and transformational opportunities in the world and recognise the companies and individuals making the biggest impact and delivery. Rated as one of the highlights of the CogX experience in 2019 by attendees, we are beyond confident this year is no exception.Winners will be announced during the CogX Festival in June. 
				
				
				
				
					
			
						
						Enter your nomination
		
					
		
				
				
				
				
					Nominations close on 25th May, 2020If you have any queries, get in touch by emailing us at awards@cognitionx.io
				
				
						
			
		
						
			
		
				
						
				
				
			
					
				
				
			Category Themes		
				
				
						
				
				
			
					
				
				
					
			
						
						Best COVID-19 Innovation
		
					
		
				
				
				
				
					
			
						
						Recognising Leadership
		
					
		
				
				
				
				
					
			
						
						Best AI Product
		
					
		
				
				
						
			
		
				
			
					
				
				
					
			
						
						Best Innovation & Product
		
					
		
				
				
				
				
					
			
						
						Outstanding Achievements & Research Contributions​
		
					
		
				
				
				
				
					
			
						
						Global Goals
		
					
		
				
				
						
			
		
						
			
		
						
			
		
						
			
		
				
						
				
				
			
					
				
				
					
				
				
				
				
			Best COVID-19 Innovation		
				
				
				
					Since the COVID-19 crisis started there has been a hive of activity on the innovation front. Many new ideas and startups are colliding to help protect and predict the ways we can handle these types of crisis. We are working with Miles Kirby  to highlight and provide exposure for companies that are working to provide solutions to the myriad of societal issues that the COVID-19 virus raises.We will be putting a spotlight on some of the most unique and ingenious collaborations and ideas across technology for health, technology for society and recovery. The top companies will be presenting at CogX on June 8-10th and the winners crowned. This award is split into three areas: 
				
				
				
				
					
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Best COVID-19 Innovation for Health
					
					Awarded in recognition of the organisation that best exemplifies how technology and innovation can help track health and treatment, thereby accelerating scientific progress in response to the COVID-19 outbreak
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Best COVID-19 Innovation for Society
					
					Awarded in recognition of the organisation that, in response to the COVID-19 outbreak, best exemplifies how technology can help drive positive social and environmental outcomes, thereby improving the social effects of the pandemic. This might include ensuring that we stay connected and informed, or providing a platform through which the more fortunate are able to help those in need.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Best COVID-19 Innovation for Recovery
					
					Awarded in recognition of the organisation that, in response to the COVID-19 outbreak, best exemplifies how technology can help understand and reduce the effects of the pandemic, thereby accelerate economic, or health-related recovery for those who have been directly and indirectly affected
				
					
				
				
				
				
					
			
						
						Enter your nomination
		
					
		
				
				
						
			
		
						
			
		
				
						
				
				
			
					
				
				
					
				
				
				
				
			Recognising Leadership		
				
				
				
					
							
					
													
															
								
														
												CogX Global Leadership Award
					
					This award recognises the individual who has driven tremendous positive impact at a global scale through the adoption, creation or regulation of tech. As the central theme of this year’s festival is “How do we get the next 10 years right?” this award goes to the the individual contributing the most to ensuring we are getting the next 10 years right
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Rising Star in Tech
					
					To the starter company that has the potential to disrupt any billion dollar industry by coming up with groundbreaking technologies and reaching out to customers effectively.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												CognitionX Outstanding Knowledge Expert 
					
					In times like these, we look to experts for guidance. Be it in business, government or medicine, these are the people that lay the foundations of society’s trust in our institutions. With this award, we highlight an individual who has contributed the most to Cognition X’s Knowledge Platform with outstanding knowledge in their subject area and the number of questions answered.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												People's Choice - Tech Innovation
					
					With each passing innovation and transformation, tech continues to broaden the possibilities of our work and social lives. This award, voted on by members of our community, recognises an individual or company that stands out among their peers as the key innovator for 2020.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												People's Choice - Tech Community Leader
					
					<!--td {border: 1px solid #ccc;}br {mso-data-placement:same-cell;}-->As a proud member of the tech community, we want to promote solidarity and celebrate our peers for their incredible work this year. Through the People’s Choice award, we recognise one such member of the tech community who has helped develop and revolutionise the way tech affects people’s lives.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Outstanding Diversity Leader in AI
					
					To develop technology that truly works for everyone, we must confront the continuing racial bias in our human societies. This award recognises tremendous help towards overcoming biases and making fairer decisions thereby building a more inclusive environment.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Enterprise CXO Leader of the Year Award
					
					Enterprise leaders carry a great responsibility to shape a company’s social values, ethical consciousness and profitability for the sake of both its customers and employees. With this award, we want to recognise the outstanding leadership of CEO’s/CTO’s/CDO’s/CIO’s/ CHRO’s in driving development across various fields of finance, technology, business development, human resources, information technology.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Outstanding Investor in AI
					
					For believing in AI to be the most disruptive phenomena that all industries would experience and investing in it. Thereby producing better products and services, boosting businesses.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Lifetime Achievement Award
					
					This award celebrates the contributions of a key player in the tech field, who has shown sustained commitment to responsible and cutting edge innovation, as well as mentorship and leadership within the community. They have distinguished themselves through their outstanding research calibre and a lifetime of scientific excellence, making magnificent contributions to the world of AI.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Outstanding Leader in Accessibility
					
					In working towards a more inclusive society, rapid advances in AI must address the need for accessibility. Designing tech that empowers disabled people and opens new opportunities for life in a complex digital world is essential to the vision of inclusivity. This award honours a company that works to make accessibility not the exception but the standard for future AI products.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Voice of GenZ
					
					As GenZers grow up with technology integrated into every aspect of their daily life it is key that they take part in the developments and conversations around the implications of breakthrough technology. This award recognises a teenager who is a powerful voice within the tech community and is ensuring that technology is built and deployed with GenZ in mind.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Sustainable Cities and Communities Leadership Award
					
					Never before has the need for sustainable innovation been greater. We are faced with a situation that is threatening not merely our health, prosperity and ecological diversity, but our very survival as a species. What we need now is responsible and immediate leadership that will help galvanize the power of modern-day technology to solve this existential problem.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Gender Equality Leader
					
					As societies strive to move further towards gender equality, we want to highlight one company or individual that embraces female empowerment in all domains of life, acting as an example to the tech industry and paving the way towards full equality. With this award, we hope to inspire other thought and tech leaders of today to champion gender equality.
				
					
				
				
				
				
					
			
						
						Enter your nomination
		
					
		
				
				
						
			
		
						
			
		
				
						
				
				
			
					
				
				
					
				
				
				
				
			Best AI Product		
				
						
			
		
						
			
		
				
						
				
				
			
					
				
				
					
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Best AI product in Education
					
					As COVID-19 restrictions drive education to digital solutions more than ever. This award recognises the best product in EdTech the best product in education that fuels collaboration, individualised learning, access to education and provides support outside of the traditional classroom.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Best AI product in Entertainment
					
					Entertainment has the power to transport us to new worlds such as the unchartered territories of technological innovation. With this award, we wish to celebrate the best product in entertainment, ranging across sports, music, art and film.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Best AI Product In Fashion
					
					AI and emerging tech are constantly pushing the boundaries of creativity and design. This award celebrates the best tech product for the fashion industry, recognising the best product in fashion that helps consumers by using personalisation and recommendation tools.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Best AI Product In Financial Services & FinTech
					
					Recognising the best product in Financial Services including but not limited to the use of marketing databases, transactional and public information records to extract data (Experian); quicker decision making; detecting fraud; informing cardholders about special offers; providing investors with online business trends analysis.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Best AI Product In Government
					
					Recognising the best product in government that assists the public in its interaction with government and helps them raise their concerns through virtual assistants; redesign public sector work by reducing cost, enhancing speed and reach, focusing more resources on frontline properties.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Best AI Product in Health
					
					When AI is applied to medical care and research, lives are changed. This award goes to a product that is harnessing AI-backed solutions to take on new challenges within the health sector such as improving diagnostics, delivery and personalisation.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Best AI Product in HR
					
					Recognising the best product in HR that helps with talent acquisition, engagement with candidates, personal training recommendations and career pathing, unbiased recruitment, and more
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Best AI Product in Insurance
					
					Recognising the best product in insurance from behavioural policy pricing, personalised data provision to pricing platforms like health and travel insurance ; automated buying experience using chatbots ; decrease likelihood of fraud in claim settlement.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Best AI Product in Legal
					
					The legal system is fast adopting AI products and services into its operating models. This award recognises the best AI-backed product for the legal sector, with particular focus on those deployed to solve a problem that is unique to legal professionals such as natural language processing ; delivering concrete answer sets with links to authoritative court decisions and sources
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Best AI Product In Marketing and Adtech 
					
					Targeting any audience in today’s society requires the harnessing of technology in new and innovative ways. With this award, we are highlighting the leadership exhibited by one company that continues to redefine the future of MarTech.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Best AI Product in Next Generation Infrastructure
					
					Recognising the best product that will shape tomorrow’s infrastructure from cloud computing to software defined data centre- enhancing flexibility by pooling, aggregating and delivering the infrastructure capabilities like a software code.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Best AI Product in Retail
					
					Tech has disrupted the world of retail, with opportunities opening up online and on the high street alike. This award recognises a company that is innovating within the retail industry for example through personalising shopping experiences and thereby improving sales and customer relationship by introducing reward and loyalty cards.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Best AI Product in Telecom
					
					As COVID-19 creates a new landscape of digital communication, innovations in connectivity are more important than ever. This award celebrates a product redefining telecom for its customers through customer service, personalisation and predictive maintenance
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Best AI Product In Transportation and Logistics
					
					As our society is changed by technology, so too are our cities. To ensure sustainable life in the city, new systems must respond to the urgent demands of our planet. This award recognises a company’s effort to develop a sustainable transportation intervention using AI.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Best AI product in Cybersecurity
					
					The world of cybersecurity is constantly changing. New threats emerge with every technological innovation posing huge challenges for organisations trying to keep up. This award recognises companies that are making strides within the security field and successfully navigating this complex area.
				
					
				
				
				
				
					
			
						
						Enter your nomination
		
					
		
				
				
						
			
		
						
			
		
				
						
				
				
			
					
				
				
					
				
				
				
				
			Best Innovation & Product		
				
				
				
					
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Best Innovation in Algorithmic Bias Mitigation
					
					The impacts of algorithmic bias are profound, and there is an urgent need to address this issue. This award recognises an organisation or individual working to mitigate machine bias, through advocacy efforts or research innovation.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Best Innovation In Artificial General Intelligence
					
					Whether you find it elusive, enticing, or unsettling, the race towards AGI is on. This award recognises the best innovation pushing the boundaries of generalisable AI, including facial recognition, mimic human handwriting and computational creativity.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Best Innovation in Autonomous Vehicles
					
					Mobility is one of the most rapidly advancing industries of our time. As automation is empowering our vehicles, we wish to celebrate one company’s exceptional use of tech in advancing this sector and enabling us to reach entirely new levels of mobile flexibility.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Best Innovation In Computer Vision
					
					Computer vision is quickly embedding itself in our devices, apps and vehicles. This award recognises the best innovation involved in any component of computer vision including acquisition, processing or analysing images. Further examples include face recognition technology for bank card verification and security systems, facial scanning door entry, infrared binoculars scanning machines and empowering blind and partially sighted people lead their lives.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Best Innovation in Creative Arts
					
					Arts and technology seem to serve two very different purposes in our society, but what binds them together is the fundamental creativity of these fields. Through our award, we recognise a champion of this collaboration and a leader in the domain of creative arts.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Best Innovation in Data Protection and Privacy
					
					As the ubiquitousness and capabilities of technology is rapidly increasing, so is the risk of abusive and fraudulent activity when this technology is misused. With this award, we want to highlight the efforts of a company that champions online safety and helps set a security standard across the industry.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Best Innovation in Deep Learning
					
					2019 and 2020 have been landmark years for deep learning. This award recognises the organisation or individual which has demonstrated the best innovation in deep learning approaches.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Best Innovation in Diagnostics
					
					Improved diagnostic tools can help save lives and prevent the spread of diseases that previously might not have been known to us. We wish to recognise the implementation of tech diagnostics by a company that foregrounds the importance of this field and works to harness its life-saving potential.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Best Innovation in Explainable AI
					
					With technological innovation impacting every facet of our daily lives, algorithmic transparency is essential. The industry needs to recognise and reward companies that champion this trait in their work. This award aims to do just this, and hereby inspire others to uphold transparency.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Best innovation in Genetics / Personalised Medicine
					
					The human genome still presents one of the biggest mysteries in medicine. To break down this molecular puzzle into pieces we can understand, we leverage the technological opportunities of our time. This award celebrates one such achievement and the potential for groundbreaking new knowledge it creates.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Best Innovation in Geospatial Applications
					
					The way we are able to see our world has a tremendous impact on how we can shape it for the better. Cutting edge technology allows us a tremendous variety of perspectives with which to view our planet. Through more accurate data collection and analysis, these tools can help us understand the geography of a landscape better than ever before. This award highlights the best innovation in geospatial applications such as these.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Best Innovation In IoT and Sensors
					
					The intercommunication of our devices enables improved insight extraction and efficiency. With this award, we highlight the best new innovation in the IoT sector, a product that will transform the way we interact with technology on a large scale.Content
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Best Innovation In NLP
					
					Innovation in NLP spans disciples and sectors – from chatbots to content moderation to voice computing. This award is given to the innovation that has produced an impactful contribution to the field of NLP.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Best Innovation in Open Source Technology
					
					This award celebrates the best development in open source technology. This could include a revolutionary new release of an existing suite of open source tools, or a completely novel approach to the open source ecosystem.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Best Innovation in Pharma
					
					Finding solutions to our increasingly complex medical problems necessitates the leveraging of technological innovation. With this award, we want to recognise the company developing the best new tech solution emerging from the pharma industry.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Best Innovation in Quantum Computing
					
					As quantum supremacy continues to draw curiosity and skepticism across sectors and disciplines, the award recognises cutting edge innovations in the field.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Best Innovation In Robotics and Automation
					
					This award celebrates a breakthrough innovation in robotics, focusing particularly on breakthroughs in manufacturing and hardware.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Best Innovation in Simulation
					
					This award recognises the best creation and use of a computer model to understand a complex social issue, with particular focus on simulations for health and climate applications.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Best Innovation in Space
					
					No opportunity is greater than the one our planet presents: our planet is a complex system, and its health is integral to ours. With every passing year it edges closer to collapse and as we set out into space, are we at risk of degrading other planets too? This award celebrates the company that is innovating space through AI and other emerging technologies.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Best Innovation in Sustainable FoodTech
					
					Our consumption of food has a tremendous impact on the planet. Technology provides us with the tools to revolutionise our consumption habits in a way that limits the degradation of our environment and supports a sustainable lifestyle. This award highlights one company’s efforts in achieving this fundamental change.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Best Innovation in VR/AR
					
					Virtual reality is rapidly transforming the way we consumer online content and interact with this new environment. Our award highlights the best new VR/AR innovation and draws attention to the vast potential of this field.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Best Product In Gaming
					
					This award celebrates the best product from the world of consumer gaming. This could include breakthroughs in visual quality, bot features or intelligent design.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Best Consumer Chatbot
					
					This award recognises a company using the best chatbots to enhance customer experience.
				
					
				
				
				
				
					
			
						
						Enter your nomination
		
					
		
				
				
						
			
		
						
			
		
				
						
				
				
			
					
				
				
					
				
				
				
				
			Outstanding Achievements & Research Contributions		
				
				
				
					
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Outstanding Achievement in Enterprise Adoption of AI
					
					This award recognises an enterprise that has shown exemplary commitment to, and successful deployment of, AI integration into their operations.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Outstanding Achievement in Social Good Use of AI
					
					We strongly believe that tech should and must work for everyone. The applications of AI in breaking the poverty cycle and raising communities in developing nations are vast. This award celebrates the outstanding efforts of one company in using AI tools to tackle this fundamental issue of our time.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Outstanding Achievement In the field of AI Ethics
					
					Understanding the ethical risks of AI and taking action to preserve our human values in an ever changing technological setting is one of the most important challenges facing society. With this award, we recognise the work of a company or individual that continues to lead this effort and inspires constructive dialogue on how to approach our future in an artificially intelligent world.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Outstanding AI Accelerator/Incubator
					
					Accelerator and incubator programs ensure the tech community is constantly developing new capabilities, and finding new solutions to the most pressing business and social challenges. Here, we spotlight the accelerator or incubator which has demonstrated the best program for its cohorts.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Outstanding Contribution to Tech Regulation
					
					Policy-making has the power to implement innovation and make it an everyday reality. To truly harness the potential of new tech solutions, we need leaders who are willing and able to champion these ideas in the political sector. This award recognises the efforts of such a person and celebrates the mindful implementation of technology through their tireless campaigning.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Outstanding Research Contribution in AI  - PhD Thesis (individual)
					
					Dissertations at the doctoral level represent some of the brightest and best ideas in the field of AI. They represent the frontier of the field, and are testaments to years of hard work and dedicated focus. This award represents the best of the best of PhD dissertations, taking into account quality, ingenuity, rigour and impact.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Outstanding Research Contribution in AI - Best Course In AI
					
					Now that AI is playing an increasingly vital role in every sector of industry, technical expertise is in high demand. Especially for the younger population, these skills become crucial. This award highlights the best tutorial or course in AI that targets this rapidly expanding need.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Outstanding Research Contribution in AI - Journalism (individual)
					
					Journalists are needed today more than ever. Especially with the rise of fake news and the role of technology in each of our lives, we honour an AI/ tech journalist for their outstanding contributions to this industry.
				
					
				
				
				
				
					
			
						
						Enter your nomination
		
					
		
				
				
						
			
		
						
			
		
				
						
				
				
			
					
				
				
					
				
				
				
				
			Global Goals		
				
				
				
					
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Global Goals Impact Award: Enterprise
					
					For the organisation who through their core business, financial commitments, employee networks, consumer facing platforms and high-level influence have played a pivotal role in building a more sustainable environment.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Global Goals Impact Award: Startup
					
					For adopting the UN’s Sustainable Development Goals as their framework to help measure their impact on society. This has led them to make decisive advances leading to sustainable development.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Global Goals Impact Award: Individual
					
					To the individual who through their high-level influence and commitment has contributed towards the success of the Global Goals by raising awareness of it, playing a pivotal role in accelerating its progress.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Good Health and Well-Being Award
					
					As the capabilities of technology are increasing, so is its ability to provide emotional support. Harnessing the digital solutions of today to empower the sector of mental health is an initiative we champion, and seek to recognise through this award.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Life on Land Award
					
					Habitat and diversity loss through devastating human activity like deforestation, mass farming and pollution are altering life on land for all species that inhabit it. The company honoured by this award is fighting to preserve the ecological conditions necessary for this world to sustain our lives.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Peace and Justice Strong Institutions Award
					
					With great power comes great responsibility. This award wishes to highlight a company that champions human rights by directing its AI services towards the protection of these fundamental liberties. Having access to great technological expertise it is our responsibility to protect those whose voices are being silenced.
				
							
					
													
															
								
														
												Climate Opportunity: Tech for Climate Change Mitigation
					
					Solving the climate crisis presents the single biggest opportunity of the last 200 years, especially in the Digital Age. Galvanizing the potential of technology is urgent to achieving our climate goals. Our Climate Opportunity award celebrates a company working towards doing just this.
				
					
				
				
				
				
					
			
						
						Enter your nomination
		
					
		
				
				
						
			
		
						
			
		
				
						
				
				
			
					
				
				
					
				
				
				
				
					
			
		
				
				
				
				
			


  hbspt.forms.create({
	portalId: "3321002",
	formId: "b1d2d122-5af5-4c29-a816-c9b3a951f2ee"
});
		
				
						
			
		
						
			
		
						
			
		
		                            