
    
                    
            
            
                Anthony Finkelstein
                Chief Scientific Advisor for National Security
                HM Government
            
    
    

    
    
            
                About Anthony
                
                Anthony Finkelstein is the Chief Scientific Adviser for National Security to HM Government. He holds a Chair as Professor of Software Systems Engineering at University College London (UCL) and is a Fellow of The Alan Turing Institute. He is an elected Fellow of the Royal Academy of Engineering (FREng). He is also an elected Member of Academia Europaea and a Fellow of the City and Guilds of London Institute. He is a Fellow of the Institution of Engineering and Technology (IET) and the British Computer Society (BCS). He was awarded an Honorary DSc by City University of London. Anthony was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) for services to computer science and engineering. Prior to taking up his Government role he was Dean of UCL Faculty of Engineering Sciences and Head of UCL Department of Computer Science. He served on the Council (Governing Board) of the Engineering & Physical Sciences Research Council (EPSRC), the UK science funding body. He is a Visiting Professor at Imperial College London, University of South Australia and at the National Institute for Informatics, Tokyo, Japan. He is actively engaged with innovation and has founded several successful spin-out companies as well as setting up novel venture funding initiatives on behalf of HMG.

            
                    
                        
                            
                                                    

                
                    
                                    
            
    
                 
    
                
                    
                        Contact Us
                    
                    
                        Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
                    
                    
                        
                        Site by Contra Agency
                    
                
                